<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" template="/home.xhtml">



	<ui:define name="content">
		<!-- Page Header -->
		<header class="masthead"
			style="background-image: url(/img/investing.jpg);">
			<div class="overlay"></div>
			<div class="container">
				<div class="row">
					<div class="col-lg-8 col-md-10 mx-auto">
						<div class="site-heading">
							<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
							<br />
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>

		<!-- Main Content -->
		<h4 class="text font-weight-light ml-5 mr-5 mb-4">We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we shall endeavour to use any information that you provide when using this website in accordance with this privacy policy.
<br/>
This privacy policy explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit to us, and how we use it.
<br/>
We may amend this policy from time to time by updating this page. Therefore, we suggest you check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of and are happy with any amendments.
<br/>
What information do we collect? <br/>
Personal information may be collected from you in various ways, for example: - <br/>
1. Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (these are information about your browser, your IP address, your general location as determined from your IP address and provided by your browser, the site from which you come,
 and the links followed when leaving our site). This information is also collected through cookies
<br/>
2. When you register and voluntarily provide information in response to questionnaires or download forms, or to register for newsletters or start or contribute to petitions. (this includes your name, email address, and any other details asked for and which
 you provide) <br/>
3. When you conduct activities on our site (for example, when you purchase a product or service we record what you purchased etc.) we may collect your name and contact details, details of your subscription to our services, and other information gathered by
 Facebook and transferred to us, including your address. <br/>
How is the information used? <br/>
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
<br/>
To supply to you services purchased via the website, and to process your payments.
<br/>
For statistical purposes and analysis for management purposes in order to administer the website or improve our products and services.
<br/>
Internal record keeping, and administrative purposes, and to inform you about our events, services or products, or other related information that we think would be of interest to you, as explained above.
<br/>
To communicate marketing messages, newsletters and details of our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer
 require marketing communications). <br/>
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes or to customise the website according to your interests.
<br/>
Your information will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your consent to such disclosure. You may at any time ask us to refrain from sending you marketing messages by sending us an email with the words UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject box or
 by telephoning us. If we contact you by email each time you receive a message you will also have the option to decline to receive further information of that type from us.
<br/>
If you would like us to destroy information we hold about you, please let us know. However, please note that if you use any of our services which require you to provide personal information, deleting our records may mean that you will need to resubmit it to
 continue using such services. <br/>
We may disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors, clients and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally
 identifying information. </h4>
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>