<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" template="/home.xhtml">



	<ui:define name="content">
		<!-- Page Header -->
		<header class="masthead"
			style="background-image: url(/img/investing.jpg);">
			<div class="overlay"></div>
			<div class="container">
				<div class="row">
					<div class="col-lg-8 col-md-10 mx-auto">
						<div class="site-heading">
							<h1>Terms and Conditions</h1>
							<br />
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</header>

		<!-- Main Content -->
		<h4 class="text font-weight-light ml-5 mr-5 mb-4">
			<br /> These Website Standard Terms And Conditions (these
			Terms or these Website Standard Terms And Conditions)
			contained herein on this webpage, shall govern your use of this
			website, including all pages within this website (collectively
			referred to herein below as this Website). These Terms apply in
			full force and effect to your use of this Website and by using this
			Website, you expressly accept all terms and conditions contained
			herein in full. You must not use this Website, if you have any
			objection to any of these Website Standard Terms And Conditions. <br />
			This Website is not for use by any minors (defined as those who are
			not at least 18 years of age), and you must not use this Website if
			you a minor. <br /> No warranties. <br /> This Website is provided
			as is, with all faults, and MoneyGuage makes no express or
			implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this
			Website or the materials contained on this Website. Additionally,
			nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as providing
			consult or advice to you. Limitation of liability. <br /> <br /> In
			no event shall MoneyGuage, nor any of its officers, directors and
			employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way
			connected with your use of this Website, whether such liability is
			under contract, tort or otherwise, and MoneyGauge, including its
			officers, directors and employees shall not be liable for any
			indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any
			way related to your use of this Website. <br /> Indemnification. <br />
			You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent MoneyGuage from and
			against any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action,
			damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising
			out of or in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions
			of these Terms. <br /> Severability. <br /> If any provision of
			these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any
			applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render
			these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions
			shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein. <br />
			Variation of Terms. <br /> MoneyGauge is permitted to revise
			these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you
			are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you
			understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website.
		</h4>
		<br />
		<hr />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>